al e
[Music]
yeah move aside cranky and New
generation of Kong has arrived complete
with a boombox and Killer Dance moves
this Was the new cool Oh by the way I
see you all enjoying that Super Mario fathoms
movie What do you think pass m
from my old apartment Boy I'm actually
surprised the Mario movie turned out to come
[Music]
and finally save the
day didy Kong was introduced as the
apprentice of Donkey Kong One of his
biggest fans that strives to be a video
game Hero much Like dk You First
encounter him  within Donkey Kong country
for The Super Nintendo with dk On A
Quest to get his stolen bananas Back
from King K rule and the kremlings the
First Level is Jungle hijinks and not
too Far from dk's empty banana stash is
a frantic didy Kong stuck inside a barrel
but once you toss this barrel And
Free him you uncle uncle uncle What the [ __ ] [ __ ]
is this guy
What the [ __ ] [ __ ] this guy was going to play
Donkey Kong music and that [ __ ] [ __ ] came out
What's up family What's up How are we? Let's
see  live improvised live
improvised because today I wasn't going  going to be
direct here but I saw what came out
on Twitter and I say I'm crazy and and out
okay what I've gotten you Javi you didn't and
You went no let's see but the the half
of the people haven't even realized what
happened yet is that I woke up
and I found this funa with
this attempt at a funa and I say but this
What is it or rather but what's
going on let's see let's let's dispatch
This quickly okay Whoever has any
doubts any questions can ask me
we're live okay There's no
escape here the Black chin doesn't lie Okay
and and what and we'll discuss it okay and out okay
because tonight I think there's no
live show here there's between the gossip let's
see everything starts with this
last night this guy Nitro I don't know what who
was one of the guys who was on the
talk show the other day okay he
blocked me Okay he blocked me after
after the thread he made today
okay This is the same guy who made the
thread about pambi 1 about
panid about the Wales team I don't know
what I don't know how much the same thread is worth that will be
uploaded
now  friend of Delos and friend of all
these people Okay so he appears yesterday I
had nothing with him okay the other day I
simply crossed a couple of tweets
with him because of course he was
sharing that Dallas had
leaked the Spanish time on his
laptop of course so on the laptop it
was showing the Spanish time because in that
video Dallas was promoting Okay
a Team bware type software okay Team
bw It's that I take and from my mobile I have
the team bware okay And I connect and you see
the screen of my computer here no
so basically the
screen of the computer I was
connected to was being seen no Anyway the point is that it doesn't matter I mean
I don't know where
Dallas is at any given moment I imagine that
sometimes he will be
in Spain I imagine that sometimes he will be in
Barcelona that other times he will
be in Dubai that other times he will be wherever
he feels like in fact I think he recorded a
podcast not in Andorra no
and you can have your tax residence
in one place no or live in one place and you
can continue traveling to the rest of the
places
eh that's how it is I mean I can live in
Spain and I can travel to Italy and I can
have a house in Italy  I can have
another house in France maybe I have, let's see,
that's what it means to have money, right? And if you
have your people in Spain, no matter how much you
live in Dubai, well, I imagine that you'll
spend time in Spain, I mean, it's like,
for example, gref, no. I mean, gref is
in Andorra, tribut in Andorra and they spend
months in Murcia and nothing happens, we've
defended him on many occasions, okay.
But anyway, the thing is that here,
Nitro, okay, he also posted all
the threads about all the Wales and so on, no,
eh, when the Pambi 2 thing was leaked,
eh, I found out from him. Through him and through
Cristo bru, I found out about Pambi 2, okay, and
in fact, they denied that it was from
Dallas, saying, it doesn't look like it's
not from Dallas. No, it's not possible that it's
from Dallas, okay. And in the end, it was the one from
Dallas, okay.
The thing is that this tweet that you can't
see, okay, but you can check it out
if you want. I'm not going to make it
too complicated for this one, in this
live, okay, I'm going to show you what I have to show you,
outside there was a tweet from Nitro  this one
was about
olivita's conversations so of
course an
account that analyzes
cryptocurrencies
not having an
account that we have to talk about pambi and
not about anyone's ex-girlfriends no or the
fights or the recordings of such or
private conversations no So I
understand that an account that is
dedicated to that no and that it is supposed to have
private conversations the accusations the
insinuations and such It doesn't matter Well of
course it caught my attention and
surprised me that tweeting about olivita
Okay so I put And that
specific screenshot that you're sharing source
nafay what exactly does it contribute to your
investigations on pambi okay And he
tells me no it's that I can tweet about
many other things I don't know what I don't know
how much and I say Okay so let's see the
debate is it pambi or can
accusations and insinuations also be brought up no
then Of course I understand that the the
conversations with the se and the
insinuations and so on are only
wrong on one hand I understand no so
after this I went to bed this we
are talking Case 10 hours Look 8 in
the morning okay I come across a
delox thread in which they are
tagging exclusive Javi oliveira has
earned 000 with
pambi This first sentence is already a
lie okay This first sentence is already a
lie in the next thread Nitro
Launcher shows us how Javi would not only have
bought pambi before anyone else
before anyone else is also a lie Okay
but he would have sold at the best
moments kind of a lie But Javi was
forocoche or you are the whale the
blue whale I am which knowing that
Javi has no idea about
technical analysis or trading he could only have
achieved it with privileged information if
so it could be considered in
trading which I don't even know what the hell is
and it would constitute a crime Oh okay And they still have
n't criticized Marciano finanzas for
wanting to do the same thing when he tried to
obtain information from
RAE I don't know What is it about him
comparing me to Marciano finanzas because I also
don't think it has absolutely
anything to do with mine with Marciano
finanza that would also explain his great
bias and interest in diverting attention
from what has happened with pambi and
whitewashing Dallas as well as trying to
justify with mental peripheries the
harassment and ribo that
nimu and I are receiving from Dallas  and his
legion of subjects will have also earned
money Fran cua with pambi and that is why he is
playing dumb with what
happened well
eh well another dirty trick another dirty trick
by delox to whom it did not
seem like a scam pambi and every time
I have asked him it did not seem like
a scam and here live
a scam never appeared to him suddenly it
seemed like a scam as we saw
last night just at the moment that Dallas
yelled at him Okay well Now he also insinuates
that I have privileged information
that I have earned $1,000 and that and that I
also sold my wallet at the best
moment what I see is that delo without
disrespect is kicking and
looking for attention he attacked you for free I do not know
what the heck delox is doing I understand that it is
because of the humiliation in the debate and because of how
bad it looked well it is being like
gas lighting no I mean smoke bomb and let's
see let's see well regarding delo's tet
regarding delo's tet I have
answered him
[Music]
calmly let's watch delox's video
cristof bru okay the one who was saying
live in Delo's face okay
the one who was saying to Delox
live that there is no evidence that there is no
evidence that he is not a scammer and that he
is clean that none of us are
clean okay or so literal words of
Crist Bru Well let's go let's
remember it again in case there's someone who didn't
watch the entire live stream last night that
now we will upload the best excerpts
okay literal words of Cristo Bru
okay so that we know who we are
talking about basically Tresca let's see I
'm doing this here improvised eh I
mean I don't have to prepare
this too much because it's that I have
nothing to hide okay
look at Crist Bru in his face that he can prove
today okay But just as I can't
prove that he's a scammer, maybe I
can't prove 100% that he's
100% clean But well neither is there no
one 100% clean Likewise Cos I
can't prove that Delo is a
scammer but neither that he's 100%
clean okay or so nobody nobody is 100%
clean Okay then  this guy
made a video of me analyzing very well the
wallet that they leaked to me okay And it's not
the leather wallet which is the one I usually
carry okay but the wallet the wallet
okay And now it's going to appear here okay this the this
is the salsera which is the
channel itself it's himself sending the
message Okay you see this here I mean I
put the message the salsera okay I mean
me on my
channel it's impossible to take them seriously at
this point skull kiss
Roman Hi Javi I hope you're okay stay
strong with everything that's going on
greetings handsome eh me on my
channel me on my channel put miig okay I mean
me on my channel Here it is
Okay This is his wallet This is his wallet he's
been
caught I put it Christ bru I
put it myself
churra it I put it so they
donate to me I put it myself king in fact do you
remember that they put it on me It's that this is not Of
course we talk about this here
live I mean they put one on me they
put some [ __ ] [ __ ] in my wale that
was like one of those memes Oh how is it dude
I don't understand that but
They put in like a token that they could
steal from you through that token they gave me
Pepe Ay he had a weird name Pepe On
Fire or something like that okay And my
editor who helps me with the
cryptocurrencies told me not to touch anything because
if I touched it they would take away my entire Wal do you
remember that Pepe but of course they
are caught But what the but if I
wrote it okay And now it will appear
here okay this the this is the
salsera which is the channel itself it is
himself sending the message
Okay you see this here This is his wallet
This is his wallet has been caught This
is his wallet okay Javi himself in the
live on May 23rd leaked his
own wallet and in this way the crypto AIDS
patients who have been reviewing
the live streams a bit can realize
that you yourself have leaked your wallet
Well if you had seen my entire live
okay If you had seen my entire live
that day and if you had been
here live that day Okay well you would have seen
that everyone saw it, I mean in fact
here okay In fact there are people here on
Twitter who tell me  May 27,
2024 okay You locked up 65 solanas
thanks to your friend Redondo you got the
deal Okay now a few more dollars
reacting to the new video tomorrow okay
Well let's keep watching the
video and checking your wallet we can see
that you have indeed sold
10,500 and you have sold before the dump that
team
10,500 did
Yes
okay before the doom I don't know what a doom is
I imagine it refers to before it
falls not before it falls okay
But okay okay let's keep
listening to it Today is the day
well Javi is a Free Market you can
buy whatever you want the laser He
's laughing at you live Yes yes let him laugh let him
laugh if his tweets have come to me they have
come to me like luxury his tweets
other people's have come to me but like luxury
with this but come on nothing happens there is
the wale look for it and look at all the
movements but of course they haven't
said all the movements come on let's
listen to the video Therefore if you
buy before the coins announce
and sell I'm going  to earn more with the
lerl lawsuit Look at what I'm telling you before the
Big Crash before everyone
loses their money you do indeed have
privileged information Ah okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay wait Wait wait
see well you have effectively
sold
0.500 and you have sold before the dump that
the team did So if you buy
before the coin is announced and you
sell like I buy before the coin is announced
before the Big Crash
before everyone loses their
money that is I buy before it
is announced okay And I sell
before it falls okay you do
indeed have
privileged information and you are an accomplice to the
pic Coin scam and I'm telling you this plainly
if you have the balls okay to
try to refute this because I doubt you
have the balls because it's the
blockchain the blockchain doesn't lie this
is immutable this Just like that you are an
accomplice okay okay you're going to say now you
can say I'm going to go around defaming you I don't give a
damn Make one Make a
lawsuit to another country I don't give a damn Make a
lawsuit  to the country that you get the hell out of
this you have no way to win
the lawsuit Okay then Don't even bother
the best thing you can do is go out with
Dallas in a live broadcast to apologize Dallas to
apologize for the scam to
return the money scammed literally
scam and you apologize for playing
dumb for covering up the scam and
also return those $ 1,000 to the apartments that
Obviously if you have earned them it is because you have
taken them from an apartment that I have
taken from a apartment there was a pambisito
who has put 10,000 bucks into this
[ __ ] So there was a pambisito who had
put 10,000 bucks [ __ ] what
does that pambisito do What does that
pambisito do okay And no and you have not
taken it from him honestly trading like
a person you took it from him with
privileged information but with
privileged information Yeah
you have taken advantage of the market I have taken
advantage of the market Okay then of
course here both crypto bru and e
delox okay they claim that  I have
bought before anyone else and I have
sold at the best times okay
eh These are two statements that as
Christ himself here bru denies one
of them okay there are two statements that
are
false Okay Hey deny me
enit a kiss fugu
and post a comment that I more than
posting the comment Well, I would have deleted
the video simply out of dignity But anyway Of
course if you start being
collaborators with the one you have been
calling a scammer for a year, I understand that you are not going
to delete the video because he is adding you
to the mob Okay but anyway
important clarification Javi buys together with the VIPs
of discord not before it is announced
man it seems to me it seems to me
a quite
important clarification it seems to me a
quite but very important clarification very important very very
important in fact
it changes absolutely everything because of
course it is not the same as me buying the
coin Before before anyone else as
the liar said okay it
is not the same as I bought the coin
before anyone else as the
liar said And as you said in your
video that I bought it eh come on it's not
even bought it together with the bits  from
discord I bought it because it was all over my head on Twitter
okay I bought it
because it was all over my head on Twitter
okay since I have nothing to
hide
okay I asked my editor for permission
okay to idiots that you all know Javi
regardless of your earnings or not
clarify something for me then you know about pambi or
not because in the chat you said
you have no idea and now it turns out you're an
investor with profits for 11 and I also
invested in Pepe and I also invested in luna and it went to
hell and with Luna I
got 50,000 bucks and I have nothing to do with it
neither dinner from the project nor dick whatever eh
What do you want me to tell you mate But
hey look how we have nothing to
hide okay I can buy whatever I want
with my money because I can
afford it and I can do it okay I
100% always say in my live streams don't
buy if you don't know how or if you want to
invest because you have money to spare and you don't
mind finding it at zero tomorrow
Okay then go ahead and invest Okay Why do
n't I say in public if  buy or not
okay Why don't I say it because I don't feel like
commenting on my
financial things okay
and if I say that I buy there may be
people influenced by me and who buy or that is
point number one on the one hand I don't even tell
you if I have bought I have not lied
okay if I have bought if I have sold okay
Pipe pino I think he put it in the chat
when I put the wale [ __ ] you
sold okay but I don't say it why
Because it can be taken as an
influence that someone because I say so
then take it and buy or take it and sell Okay and
Dallas neither with dasas I have never
spoken at all about the subject of pan d la
santera today that I have had pambi for
this okay But not for nothing but to not
have any information
okay if someone can prove the
contrary and can present that I have
privileged information Well go
ahead yes yes yes everyone has the
right to try to prove things
okay inves that you all know it 19 of
5 of
2024 Okay Okay we are here talking
tiktok pass it to Andy that I will be busy
remember to set the  uncensored video commentary
This was for the
puff
Daddy video okay for the puff Daddy video there was
a video in which he
hit his ex-girlfriend And then we
put it censored on YouTube and anyway
at 3:30 in the morning okay I tell him
yes I saw you following the
dalla Coin meme I mean I start seeing a
lot of people on Twitter talking about the
coin Okay and I
tell him to invest because I know that he
knows about cryptocurrencies he invests and I saw that he
followed the
panic Coin Twitter account And then he comes here I was
going to put 500 and I only put 200
out of fear okay And he explains to me how to buy it I find out
on Twitter and Im explains to me how to
buy it okay at 3:30
in the
morning okay a wallet I don't know what I don't
know how much it's worth Im
explains it to me okay that On the one hand Okay that On the
one hand in explains it to me
explains to me How to
buy now I'll show you this okay but they
've also hidden something else
that also changes everything a
bit okay here on Twitter they were
talking okay it's  the same day more or
less at the same time I think it's a little
while later when I buy when I
buy when I
buy it was already known on Twitter and it was already
known on the Dallas discord and on the
internet forums and in a bunch of
places so it's absolutely a lie
that I bought before it was
known Okay
Eh it's not true either of course they haven't
put that
but it's not
true either that I only sold at that
moment Where is it Okay
here here you can see all the sales
Okay man that changes everything man it
changes it a little
Anica changes everything Of course it changes Of course it
changes not only did I buy after it
was already being talked about on Twitter and
after it had also
been said on discord the wale's history there you have
the wale look for it
okay but it's not only that I
sold here and also
here but it's that I also sold here why does
n't that come out he
's calling you an accomplice
Yes of
course that doesn't come out But
look at the glasses he wants to take off the
humiliation that you gave him the humiliation is
there but it's not going to change
look here you can see what I sell okay I
bought  344 and there was a sale two or
three days later I think it was from this other
sale the other two or three days after this one and
this one that was the second to last no this one was
before it fell okay
in La Movida It's that look then there was another
sale
[Music]
on the date
3 days after the
fall let's
see I bought 630 today it's 1000 to not
know anything you have made the
perfect movements in the purchase and in the
first sale and here you must have said about 50
times that you had no idea about pambi you have
lied and you should apologize for that I am
not going to apologize a [ __ ] [ __ ] nor have I
lied at all what it is that
you are not
understanding what it is that you are not
understanding
this is a
perfect sale I mean you are telling me that I
buy that I buy 630,000
tokens and in the in the announcement I sell
100,000 and it is a
perfect sale if I had privileged information
no and I knew that it was going to
fall here at the moment that I am
speaking  with in
to help me decide if we sell
or not sell okay I tell you I sold the
100,000 that are the ones that appear the wale
that I sold I have 13,000
after the sale I had 13,000
why did I leave them
there why did I leave them there did you
see delox's pinned tweet I can already
imagine the four or five that he's going to
want to invite does the glasses think it's going to
turn out well for him throwing at Dallas with things
that already relieved
xdd you can see it you can see it okay I mean I
understand that if they're warning me that I have to
sell or I know that I have to
sell
mm I sell everything I don't sell 600,000 well
600,000 not what I had left, I mean I
sold 100
100 I mean the more they crash I sell
216,000 the more they crash I sell it's e
[Music]
when I had already fallen I'm an idiot I
mean having privileged information
I'm an
idiot okay But okay  it would have been
nice eh it would have been nice if
instead of cutting the graph here
you would have put that I also sold and
where I sold the most was when it fell it would have been
nice it would have been a detail eh In order
not to manipulate it would have been a
detail okay
eh I also asked adas for permission to
show the conversation when I
found out this morning this afternoon not
tomorrow for me this is yesterday's
live and such no eh man they're fooling me
Haha Okay and it's even true and I tell him
that I bought and you won real I say yes
Haha And he says And what does it matter well what an
[ __ ] also when this is all over and
all the [ __ ] comes out Dallas won't
hesitate to betray you
time will tell Game Over pambisitos
[ __ ]
wow wow
eh a little
more a little more [ __ ] bru you know how I
found out about pambi 2 Christ bru through
your thread through your thread but come on it's
not that I bought and
sold okay It's not that I bought
and sold that pipepino also bought and
sold I think cel in his
live bought SS connection he also
bought and pambi 2 too I mean it's not
I can do whatever I want, another
thing is what I say in public, okay.
No, I haven't lied in the sense that
I don't understand, I don't understand a [ __ ]
thing and I do it like this, okay, and
here are the purchases and sales, you
can see, okay, so this. These people
haven't scammed or tried or anything like that, I
mean, there are people here who have
won and there are people who have lost, that's
the market, that's how the
Christs work, okay. And this. We were looking at this one
day, so in the end, how much did you earn in
total? Well, I imagine 10,000, but
I put them back in, I mean, but it's
not like Pambi, it's like I
bought Luna, I bought Pepe, I
bought Dog, I bought all those
things, always but afterwards. And yes, I have
said it. The thing is that on
live television, well, I don't talk about my finances and I don't
say what I buy or what I
sell because it can influence, you
know what I'm saying. I mean, not life,
but here you can see them. Look, someone buys
87 bucks and takes out
3,500, someone buys, eh?  $100 And take out
3000 market friend that no Javi that you are an
expert scammer and that is why you have lost
money twice in cryptos that you do not see
that the children of the chat know more papeado
grandpa hands in prayer But that is why I
am telling you that this is not a scam
nor have they stolen or anything like that there were
many people buying and selling
okay what you cannot do is
manipulate and take and say that I have
bought before it is
known because it is completely false I did not
buy before it is
known I bought it when on Twitter that
night I started to see so many people on the
subject pa pa I saw that inbes followed that
account which was pambi's I asked him
we fought I think it was a [ __ ] hour
for him to show me How I had to
do it sincerely I had
such an erroneous perception of Dallas in
many ways after listening to
delox but I am glad that everything is becoming
clearer and more than showing the paw
Well, it is already being
seen what I tell you what I
tell you Here is the roll
this here you can see people buying 50
bucks and taking out 3000 there are people who
lose and  there are people who win, that's what there is,
okay, hey, I won, the truth is. I
mean, what do you want me to tell you? I won, there's
the wale, okay, I don't recommend buying, I don't
recommend selling, I don't recommend it, I don't
promote it, nor have I bought before
people knew about it, there were hundreds of
holders already when I entered, I haven't sold a
single thing and everyone here wanted to donate to you. Bambi
manipulators,
kiss baby. Thank you very much,
investing is very easy to explain, midn. I
'm going to share this video because it
gave me something, okay, before I go
down, okay, I'm going to share this, I'm going to share this video, okay,
some of other people's videos have been very useful to me,
okay, I'm not going to put them each with
their book, okay, but anyway, I'm going to share
this, okay, it gave me something so that he does
n't need it, kiddo, every time
I'm in trend, he releases his book,
okay. Today is the
in parts you can do whatever you want,
but it's not right that they tell you in x about
everything like a scammer and that from dog I go
to whale, people tell you everything
Javi, yeah, but it's better if they put my list
of the market that I bought and bendy or before it
rotted  or just upload nonsense of
lox don't you have to laugh face smiling
with your eyes closed Look at this
thing Javi those earrings you're
wearing are your favorites sinero Look at this
thing now Dallas's anger is understood
XD but there were a lot of people who
bought and sold or rather but if it's that it
's the market but what do you
want me to tell you that I told you that I did
n't buy man of course of course
Of course I don't tell people what I
buy and what I sell is
worth look at this thing man I'm going to
share it here because it made me feel
sorry look at
his
lawsuit Look before before me me
sleeping
you
look it's a good time to remember
that Javel Veira was already sentenced by
three judges Yes yes for leaving you to
put you in your place
Look
man
look but don't mess with him eh It
gives me things The truth is this gives me things
honestly it gives me things does anyone have
any questions before I go down to
the pool does anyone have any doubts or
something to
expose anyone has any doubts or something to
expose before I
leave I share it because there's no need to
try either  join that there are many
people no, I do not burn any that
larre to see if you learn is there
anyone who has any questions
any donations do you want to donate pambi
members what bothers them Is that you have
earned money without knowing about it
And on top of that you have to go out and give
explanations I believe you period I am glad to
wait for your statements but it is
that you do not have to believe me it is that it is
only there they publish fooling around that they do
nothing to anyone XD it makes me laugh how hypocritical
the delox and his friends are
smiling face with their eyes closed it is my
money I do what I want with it but it is that you do
not have to believe me or not
believe me that the blockchain is there it is
that they have not published the entire thing of course it is that they have
published that I
sold I think it was before the premiere of the
video I think it was a while before the
premiere around there more or less okay I was
at home and old and And the thing is that when I
sold the most was after when it fell I did not
have any kind of
privileged information but neither did I know that it
could fall so much nor would they know
surely because these people are
doing the best they can in their
work okay nor is  scam is not theft or
anything like that gentlemen stop
listening to charlatans
Well look it's also true Maybe I am a
better Trader than these people it
's also true but it's not
even true dude Because if you
know something no I mean because what they're
saying is that I bought before it was
known that is completely false
okay they knew in discord he
put it as a pinned comment on the
video but then your opinion when
okay son is that he's rectifying all the
time you mess with nimu you ask nimu for forgiveness I'm
going chubby you mess with nimu you
ask nimu for forgiveness to join delo
to delos you join delos he was a
scammer For a year now he's not a
scammer But well it's not clean either eh I
bought before anyone
knew But well I bought after
the problem is not making money Javi the
problem is in your credibility But
what credibility did you put the mantra a thousand
times that you didn't know about crypto and now you
admit it because patura there is no that is a
lie no matter how much you try to
divert it There is no credibility that will
change that I  I don't have to tell you why
How much money do I have in the bank
and how much it cost me for my house If
you ask me if I bought
this I'll say
no and that's it Because if I say yes there are
people who can buy because they consider
mine a recommendation but if it's that
I don't care or whatever Still There's no
lie there's no
lie I don't understand Christ
Still any more questions
any more questions
now I find out that investing is knowing about
[Music]
something with goex I lost paa The bad thing is that
if you were to report the clown delox
for that defamation he'll say that the
other one said it before and he wasn't saying it just
share what the other one
said with who I lost money with Luna I
made a lot of money and then but for me I was
really surprised when delox started
saying so many things about you when you
gave him space to debate and he showed
a
different face it's better if you show the wallet so there's
proof
eh Where can that be done Where
can that be done
Well look at it yourselves but look if you
want I'll tell you by heart if I've
already said it or  be at night I
showed you the conversations at night
and I saw this p we bought pom I put 300
pavitos and then I was making a profit it's
the market bro
the W is public
exactly it's the market papus guys there's
nothing There are no more questions I
can tell you from memory or rather and I
think that then the ones that I had
left I transformed into pambi 2 I didn't
find out about pambi 2 when cristu put
a
tweet Okay We found out and and I and
we put something in there just in case and then
when it was confirmed that it was then I think I
passed that I transformed one into another
or something like that I think I asked some more questions you
can
check selling at the best moment
if it is Having privileged information because you don't see the people who had
privileged information at that time
because you don't see Pea sold at that
time in fact
eh the other day in
marca in fact the other day in marca they
interviewed a
cryptocurrency expert Well I put it the other day you
can search You are a
cryptocurrency expert who also collaborates with
IB So I don't think it's very
Dallas supporter no and he said that
both he and all his colleagues in the
crypto world had bought and that they
were very clear that before the
Dallas video they had to sell their lives. I didn't
know you were a forocochero XD eh I think
Inel knew it from Forocoche But no I'm not
going to get into that But Javi You
knew that the money you get is
lost by other people Who most
likely have no idea about crypto Does it
seem fair to you? You're stupid, the question you're asking me
or you're stupid or you're
stupid and you know that the money you
donated to me you just lost too,
for real. I mean,
hello,
hello, you
buy, you sell, that's the crypto world,
some win, others
lose, but this live forced you to
turn on crypto, bru, they caught you,
Gibel was always right, by the way, there's
a recipe in Gibel's folder,
Sisuka, a kiss, beautiful, crazy host,
summary, you had to lose money so that they
don't accuse you of being an accomplice, people, a
huge kiss, okay, at night I think
tonight around here, I don't think on telesalseo
Okay, we'll see you handsome, we'll see you handsome,
enjoy your Sunday  bye
I want to feel your body